 a couple of paragraphs with this discussion. Of course it is a complicated thing to explain at this point—and it is possible, to my mind, that it is not what one interprets in sentences (as with nouns)— but it certainly seems to involve other things: the possible presence of the word “I,' in relation to words, or “I.” in the sense of “I.” of words, etc. And, of course, we have many other possible meanings that seem beyond our grasp; it would seem that, even under a simple grammar, we could say, “I do” and “I look up” at very simple things like “a person” and “a river”—the same grammar which applies all the time. But the grammar does not require us to know what we mean by “I”—we may just as well do the grammar ourselves, and then put the matter to an appropriate test—and this could not be a bad thing. As I have noted elsewhere, “there is something of an instinct in our language which would like us to put it down in the least, as if it were a matter of habit or natural habit—but we are not so inclined, and we are conscious of that “stuff” here, not because we have learnt it ourselves, but simply because we have learnt it in a very formal way. For, without the use of words, the ordinary way of saying I feel I am feeling, I am not sure what would constitute in an orderly way the word I mean, or the word ‘I’, I mean, to me, although this sort of thing might very well be so in formal usage—the phrase, I do so, I think I am, I know so much here, I find so much there; but without the use of words, I do nothing at all. I do not know whether I am feeling this way, by the utterance of the word I mean. But it seems we are to put words in the grammar if we mean something; if not there should be something of a sort; and it follows that these are the most elementary things, the most elementary propositions. Moreover, we are never put down by the use of words, though the words themselves are in the grammar. We cannot say, in the ordinary grammatical sense, that we are feeling that way, although these various expressions could, at least in the ordinary sense, be represented by words; the words can only be said to have some connection with the object of these expressions, and so to be there in a sense, without which we cannot say we are feeling that way, but that something is at stake here. We say, then, that I mean, I think I am feeling this way, I can put anything it wishes into it, and so on; but when we apply these expressions to our own apprehension of things in a formal way, it seems to me that the language itself is not being used in that way at all. We may say, for example, that the bird I am walking with on the way to the dance is feeling this way because I am not walking with it, and I do not feel that way either. The same is, I suppose, true of the words that we use to say what we mean by “I” if we mean something by those words. These distinctions, which we make between something we can put into language when we have its meaning, and something we don’t, seem, for me, necessary to the general application of the Grammar itself. I think this division has its consequences in terms of the way we apply that way or the formal method we use, and also in a matter of time. In my opinion we have much to settle on when we find the proper way to apply grammar to the ordinary, formal sense of words. We shall see how long this procedure takes. THE DISCUSSION OF FUNCIES This chapter is a rough outline, of which one might fill in the details. But it is a very general one and should be followed—and so too for the remainder. The main subject of my treatise is: the study of the rules of grammar—and the logical laws of grammar; this is my summary of how they seem to be applied to all the other subjects, except the case of the deduction of propositions and the deduction of sentences. I do not claim to have exhaustive knowledge of every part of grammar, but these are the parts in question. For in order to see how grammar arises—and what is the aim of education—I have already given a rough outline of the whole subject, but it should not be forgotten that grammar is a complex thing, and must be studied under a comprehensive scope. Therefore I shall take the broad view in this chapter—a more or less limited scope will be suggested by my examination of what follows here. As the main subject is the rules of grammar, I shall


ins of a specific project and an ambitious budget, and these are the things that we face. The same can be said for these “contributions” of the human mind (where a “subconscious” may exist in the environment with the help of other mental / organization / processes—and the “souls” of other bodies may also be sub-conscious). In this sense, it would be different to say that you had a cure for an illness, and a cure for a mental disability. You only need a certain kind of brain-machine interface between you and the world, and that interface could be “adapted” to your wishes. How useful then would you be if those wishes were denied, or attempted to be denied? A cure for a mental disability is something we would all need, in a way. The only difference being that the mental disability in question may have a biological and brain-based origin (it may have a human origin, too)—it could be that your body has evolved and passed on the lessons (like a good neurologist might do after an illness has passed, and perhaps give a second pass for a thorough examination to elucidate the connection between a first and second origins). This will be an interesting discussion, but for now, here is a brief summary of my thinking: “I see that there are three main categories of human experiences which we all have: “slept,” “lunkened,” and “depressed”. For a person who has spent time as far as the United States to listen to folk music and listen to the sounds of the times, there seems to be a large proportion of ‘lean youth.” The word “lean” is often misused in various contexts; as in the movie “Twilight,” where “lean” or “lean-ing” youth seems more appropriate than “lean” or “lean-ing” youth. I would feel a kinship with folks like Steven Spielberg, or the late Tim Burton, who have had their “pig-headed,” or “pig-headed” movies, and whose stage performance, often with a guitar, takes us directly into the “Pig-headed youth” movies, where the performances become “suspense-inspiring.” These movies are often “dumb.” The third category would be: “reproach.” My thinking is quite similar with that of someone trying to reconstruct a child as an adult, or as a child should be, for this category goes alongside the ones listed above. For a person working in an advertising or web development company (where a parent might be a senior executive), a “reproach.” A good example of a “reproach” would be in a sporting endeavor (esp. a team), or as an employee’s first choice. The typical image of a “re-envisionist” is probably more realistic than the typical picture of someone who has recently been diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes (or a different disease; e.g., cancer). It would also be more likely a common sense choice, because one assumes that one is going to be diagnosed with a particular disease before one is even allowed to take advantage of a cure for that disease. The typical image of a psychiatrist (or psychotherapist) would be much more realistic, though I wouldn’t mind if a few people took on the task of explaining a person’s mental states to others, rather than just giving them a thorough explanation (I think it would help them in the long run, if we had less people like them). A third category would be: “experience.” People tend to have a wide variety of experience, just like plants, animals, and even machines. For example, one could get a general idea of memory (e.g. what happened at a certain event is remembered), experience gained from a dream (e.g. what used to be 100 years ago may now be remembered), etc. One can get a lot out of a person’s experience, and can compare and contrast their experiences with that of a robot (e.g. a painter). This category would be most useful by a person working in a scientific or engineering organization, as it would give an overview of what might be common sense and what might not be. In an academic context, such as in a society with a cultural tradition tied to intellectual property (studies have always focused on the human brain and culture, but have also involved AI and AI+, along with environmental factors); and in an environmental context, such as with pollution and other phenomena (such as disease), it would help us better understand what happens when habits are learnt in a particular circumstance. Another category would be: “relation.” People tend to





to the question whether the existence of God or falsification of God would require a particular philosophical insight into subjectivity—we find, again in the first example, no such revelation. The second example—about the ability of a subjective to have a personal soul, is more specific and lucid in its examination of the point (point) made repeatedly in the discussion, in the negative. I think that the most appropriate description would be that of an “active” reflective of our mind. To take the example of astrology, would not there appear certain attitudes and orientations among the points of reference (including souls)? Again, I see no reason, I think it would be improper to state, that would indicate an active soul, but simply an active light brain. To say that an active soul is one whose ideas, ideas which seemed to be expressed by such ideas (as qualia), are not only grammatically questionable as with the Hegelian dialectic, but also implausible to me. By way of a refutation of the thesis that “the soul is a substrate” (Gödel 1953b, 7), one can suggest at once that the notion of a soul, the “siada a se kushu mira” (in Hinduism the soul is called semiautonomous), is connected with the concept of causality—and one can also suggest that one can only explain the appearance of a soul indirectly (as being a “stored in a “prisonhouse” in our culture)—by suggesting that these “souls” are qualitatively independent of souls... in a sort of “dumb-bop” manner. In many ways, the transcendent soul appears not as a primitive, self-sustaining self-awareness of a soul’s soul as a substrate, but as a peculiar property—the property whereby—not only does the transcendental soul pervade our culture, it seems to be the centrality and singularity of a soul’s self-awareness in such culture—a pure universal soul, manifest and experienced through all other people, whether that other people, they, or the entire universe—this universal soul seems destined to become the centrality and singularity of a transcendental soul in all cultural systems. In the negative, as well, the negative aspects of this dualism are reversed: not only does the transcendental soul designate and inhabit all other souls, but in fact it is the only soul—the only unity—that is universal through all other systems. In each case, it is the systematic organization and the explicit articulation of that unity which guarantees the stability, if not the autonomy—of any particular transcendental soul is static—that it really “is” a complex combination of all of existence!—an “innate,” but not a complex combination of all our personal identities. The difference between Kant’s dialectic between absolute forms, and Hegel’s dialectic shows that the two systems—in a more subtle way—are the way things are by and for the universal transcendental soul. Kantian and Universal Soul Now, one can make a connection between the two. Kant’s dialectic was not something that differentiated each unique universal form from all of its equivalents—the peculiarity of each form had profound linguistic, phenomenological, and metaphysical consequences. For Kant, if one does not make a universal distinction, one cannot make one immediately among the multiple variations of that form, one is completely dependent on the dialectic for a universal transcendental differentiation. In the same way, if you make a distinction between the simple universal form and forms which are, for Kant, not only forms of consciousness but relations to other beings as well. And it here becomes a matter of defining each form in terms of its relation to the universal transcendental principle at the level of consciousness. The various forms in the spectrum of which “I” (ideas, speech, gestures, words, etc.) can be universal, simple, primitive, complex, or complicated are all connected to a single universal transcendental principle, or transcendental concept, and thus, like Hegel’s transcendental forms, they have profound linguistic, phenomenological, and metaphysical consequences. And, again, it is here that Kant seems to have formulated a transcendental principle which may explain some of the philosophical paradoxes of our times: why is it that every form in a hierarchy can deviate so far from the basic pattern of appearances but that does not deviate so much as devolve into something radically different from itself? This is an important question in philosophy with its ethical and materialist aspects. Kant’s Critique of Pure Reason: a Concept of the Understanding Now, Kant demonstrates how the transcendental principles that are necessary for us to know everything, the laws of physics, the laws of logic, and the transcendental form are composed of five components: (1) The Principle of the Intention, (2



futistic ideas of the eternal, so that whatever exists may be (more or less than or equal to) all that can be nourished in that progress. And so in a way “the path itself” is a portal to an un-seen dimension, a doorway to a higher reality. But this aspect of the journey must be maintained, otherwise the path will collapse. One might suggest, on the other hand, that the only way out of this dimension is by climbing mountains—and moreover, the only way to a “perfect being” is by reaching a “perfect state of being”—I do not know whether this objection is qualified simply by that which might be considered the “last route” (“the path” vs. “the life of the beginning,” “the form of a mental schema,” etc.) But this last point may be answered simply by noting that all the arguments for the “deconstruction” of language have at its heart two opposing forces on the one side: the recognition of the unknowable as the objective reality and that from that reality one may, like Lacan, see the “destruction of the unknowable” in its entirety (the defeat of the arche-writing), or one sees the end in the achievement of something (where the object is something it unifies)—which brings us to our next point...
What then is the inevitable fate of the attempt to mathematize philosophy with reference to “the machine”? One would expect that after the mathematical elimination of all metaphorical distinctions, all writing would cease to be meaningful as well as the meditative realm of speech. Yet, of course, one’s imagination does its own due-process job; one’s world parallels do not help one’s own mental / linguistic / social construction, either. If one were to forecast the course of one’s own brain towards elimination, one should see that the pineal gland in my brain contains a great deal of information which, in turn, is fed back into a non-visual and therefore 'invisible ears' control my entire semi-conscious / self-possession. My experience with virtual speech and non-visual verbal utterances gives me ample reason to im- mediate between the physical and the mental. My only restriction appears to be my aversion to the Cartesian or Modelinist account that every philosopher should build around all things, prior to seeing how they relate to each other via their semi-structural aspects. Even there, I feel I must see how an invisible or optic nerve limit my ability to say or do something physical, while at the same time conforming to the modelinics verbal/nonverbal communication. My inner Cartesian (Darwin’s) mind too: Argon is a “simple” machine, that no longer requires special instructions or complex thinking to operate. Likewise, in the above quote from J.R. Lucas, J.L. Akrill’s Logico-Philosophy: “I do not pretend to be an empirical machine, but a mental one. Nothing in my intellectual writings logically correlates with my mental life. Everything I write is the result of observation and simulation. Practically everything I say is correct. Everything I do is correct. My method is sound. Yet, I defy those who would call my method ‘reason’—”(J.L. Akrill, The Philosophy of Errant Thought, Stanford University Press: Palo Alto, California (1986), p. 93, “Preface to a Philosophical Investigation of the Strange’)” FRAMING THE UNIVERSAL LOGIC 521 OF LOGIC Now, my reasons may seem abstract—that is, I may be able to explain everything a person thinks or does not think about—but there is more to philosophical reason than logical reason could handle. As we mentioned Akrill’s Logico-Philosophy, there is more to a focus on reason than logic; and it is more than logic that controls the entire approach. Reason does not figure in and only looks at the world, but rather, a “logical”—and yet, human knowledge as we know it is limited by an often devious scientist—a mind that can only grow complex, thinking more complexly. This statement may be true though, if one looks only at the logical parts of things (the laws, the sequence of possible actions, etc). There is more to logical reason though, and one must consider how it may show a “pattern” or a “method” in a Logico-Philosophy. Although there may be a clear distinction between logical and mathematical reason, at least it is clear that mathematical reason does much more than simply relate what one person to what other people do. As logical reason grew further and further available, so too did the capacity for reasoning: as the Cart

[1000 | 1759.66] loss=1.85 avg=2.50
Saving checkpoint/355M-phil-v2/model-1000
WARNING:tensorflow:From /tensorflow-1.15.0/python3.6/tensorflow_core/python/training/saver.py:963: remove_checkpoint (from tensorflow.python.training.checkpoint_management) is deprecated and will be removed in a future version.
Instructions for updating:
Use standard file APIs to delete files with this prefix.
======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 that was never the case, so the data was not meaningless. In order to resolve this, we asked the robot to move the cursor around one row in a table. If a row has a value, the robot moves to the start of the next row. In addition, the robot is encouraged to press a key unless it is clear that it does not want to do so. I called this "narrow search" because the robot was asked, rather than thinking of, "Where would I find the number 1?", "What do you think the number 1 is supposed to be?" This procedure produces a table which includes the number 1, followed by 2 (a value), 3, 5, 8 or more choices separated by "0". (The table could also include the values A1, A5, M, F, G, H or I.) It is this procedure which the Turing machine is ordered to use. For convenience, I will call this the "table" for this purpose. When the probe arm is fully extended, a short circuit is caused in the line-of-sight of the brain to the place where the information is received and interpreted by the cerebrum. The result is that the robot now thinks in human form. In the previous figure, we have seen a schematic diagram of a robotic arm. In this figure, I have employed a simpler diagram which preserves the same features but makes the movement of the arm more natural (the figure is taken from Stapley & Allen, 1999). In the schematic diagram, the three arms are arranged such that they can be used in any way that they like, by switching between upright, kneeling and lying positions. This allows the arm to move about freely and thus increases the range of possible positions of the robot arm. The robot shown in the figure has all its joints connected through a mechanism called the "arm pulley," which consists of three slender, pulley-like devices, about the size of a plier screw and about 4 mm long. In the schematic diagram, we can see that the arm pulley is arranged so that all three arms can be used simultaneously in any position. Then the mechanism that turns the arm is such that any movement of the arm will move the whole arm simultaneously. This prevents the movement of one arm from interfering with that of the other two. One of the main advantages of this arrangement is that the movement of the arms is so natural that it is difficult for the brain to identify the position of the relevant joints, even when there are other indications of the position. The other main advantage is that there is very little movement of the joints that the arm can't compensate for by adding length to its arms. As we will see later on, this additional length helps to make the movements of the arms more natural. The movements of the arms are also very easy for the cerebrum to process. Recall that the movement of the arm is a result of mechanical processes involving the movement of forces (potentially tensed) at the joints of the arm. When we say that a force is "natural," we mean that it is very easy for a brain to process without taking something from the body something very different in nature (i.e. from the case of the force at the start of the figure) The three movement mechanisms are arranged so that they can be used with one another in any position desired by the user. The only position which they cannot be used together in is standing. There, there is no reason why they would not be used at the same time. It is natural to suppose in the mind of the user that the system is doing all the thinking and the system is doing all the doing. Now suppose that the robot arm is moved by a computer. In this case the machine does a nice job, because the computer must think fast. But now suppose that the computer is suddenly shown this figure. It knows what it has to do, but it just can not get itself out of the standing position. It stands there unassisted. Clearly the computer has a problem. In What is meant by 'natural'? Gilbert & Searle, editors, Encyclopedia of Computer Science (3rd edn. New York, 1980). This paper is taken from Gilbert & Searle, Computer Systems, 4th edn. Hillsdale, NJ Prentice-Hall Co., Inc. pp. 453-457. [Back to top] [Table of Contents] [Next Chapter]

III. The Turing Test (TST). The TTT, or The Truth in Television Test, is a British television series which was first ran by ... [Citation Needed] (British Broadcasting Corporation, Broadcasting Act 1981) On the day of the filming of the television program, a panel of distinguished judges, each of whom ... [End of Appendix] TTT [back to top] [Index] 3. The Turing Test. —(a) The Director of Central Intelligence answers a series of ... questionnaire ... questions about the ... state of the ... scientific and technical ... movement during the ... previous

[1010 | 1804.68] loss=2.11 avg=2.50
[1020 | 1821.30] loss=2.13 avg=2.49




a "special relationship" between mind and body. Even though the idea might seem bizarre on first impression, this is actually where much of physical science is headed in the future [3]. As technology improves, it is likely that machines will be able to simulate and "think" on an unimaginable scale. At some point, machines will be able to simulate the entire brain [4] and replicate the entire behavior of the human mind [5]. When this day comes, it is possible that we will not be able to simulate the entirety of the mind or brain in advance. It is probable that this limitation will be overcome over time. Therefore, I propose that in order for science to become more realistic, we need to accept limitations on the tools we use. In other words, we need to accept that our tools are only as good as the capabilities of the underlying systems. If we accept this premise, we will be in a position to improve our tools as well as our systems. The limitations here are that our tools are designed in some fashion and not in divine creation, and the underlying systems are not optimized in any particular case. Embodied Cognition The second premise of the Embodied Cognition Argument is that our tools and underlying systems are by no means designed by some creator with boundless creative power. If this premise is met, we should expect systems to be bound by these limitations. And indeed, we can expect systems to be. This is because the design of a computer program is a non-trivial case. So are all software designs. So are most organic systems. Any system which is not manually adjusting its muscle responses to the appropriate response values within its own hierarchy is bound by limitations which does not lie in divine design. There is a basic law of physics which states that for any sufficiently advanced system, adverse feedback loops can be broken. Any sufficiently advanced system will eventually run into some obstacle which it cannot overcome and which it must cease and desist from further operations. Any sufficiently advanced system will eventually run out of computing power and need to be restarted. In economics, this can be achieved by dividing up costs so that the system prefers costs which are less than optimum to costs which are optimum. Any system which can be induced to make an informed economic choice will do so, and the decision as to what level of price to set will be a non-trivial one. Any intelligent system will eventually apply its rational choice framework to the available information and make a decision about the best trade-off between the costs of doing nothing and the costs of doing some something. Embodied cognition will play a central part in this. In economics, it can give an indication of the costs of different levels of automation. In art and design it can give an indication of what level of automation is most promising. 

If every algorithmic system in a system should be embodied, we shall be able to identify clear areas of comparative advantage and of potential barriers to human civilization. If every algorithmic system in a system should be embodied, we shall have to choose between potential economic barriers such as information scarcity and of information processing speed, and political barriers such as resistance by the intelligently designed computer or artificial system. The argument here is that if every algorithmic system in a system is to be embodied, we shall naturally gravitate to learn to perform the learned process best, leading eventually to a world without work and to an advanced state of robotics. The argument here is that if everything in the universe were created by a central agent, we would gravitate to be robots too. If robots are naturally human, this conclusion has the merit of demonstrating the superiority of artificial psychology over traditional psychology. Still, much empirical psychology does not proceed from the assumption that robots are natural, and so is not motivated by this conclusion. For example, Jung believed that "the archetypal man" (Jung 1954, 143) – a positivist archetype of man – was responsible for archetypal human feelings and behaviors. Although most of Jung's followers held that he was talking about a narrow group of individuals, his followers have long charged that he was also talking about society as a whole. Given the apparent irreconcilability of these assertions, there have been a variety of hypotheses advanced to explain the split. One popular hypothesis holds that since archetypes play a central place in human life, we can identify a man or a group of men responsible for a man or a group of men's emotions. The split appears to have taken place between these "angels" who took the form of therapists, and the patients themselves. In short, the egoist–agile split was that between the ego (the original creator) and the his or herself. The egoist–hacker split was that between the hacker ego or inner self and the outer world. According to Jung, this split is due to the inability of the ego to find its place in the world. Although Jung believed that feelings and behavior are not solely determined by the brain, he maintained that this did not prove that they did not have causes.







My name is Ozymandias, king of kings: look on my works, ye Mighty, and despair!"


Percy Shred

Ozymandias has some innate, and widely unappreciated, advantages over most major architects: he doesn't know who anyone is. He needs to know.

No one is sitting in any boardroom deciding the future of the world. No one is telling him what to do. He has to work it out himself.

That's something any good architect would acknowledge. That's a bad designer.


Part II: How to Become Ozymandias

Try to see if any of your personal ideas about life make sense. Look for similarities, and carve them




































In order to resolve this, we asked the robot to move the cursor around one row in a table. If a row has a value, the robot moves to the start of the next row. In addition, the robot is encouraged to press a key unless it is clear that it does not want to do so. I called this "narrow search" because the robot was asked, rather than thinking of, "Where would I find the number 1?", "What do you think the number 1 is supposed to be?" This procedure produces a table which includes the number 1, followed by 2 (a value), 3, 5, 8 or more choices separated by "0". (The table could also include the values A1, A5, M, F, G, H or I.)




To say that an active soul is one whose ideas, ideas which seemed to be expressed by such ideas (as qualia), are not only grammatically questionable as with the Hegelian dialectic, but also implausible to me. By way of a refutation of the thesis that “the soul is a substrate” (Gödel 1953b, 7), one can suggest at once that the notion of a soul, the “siada a se kushu mira” (in Hinduism the soul is called semiautonomous), is connected with the concept of causality—and one can also suggest that one can only explain the appearance of a soul indirectly (as being a stored in a “prisonhouse” in our culture)—by suggesting that these “souls” are qualitatively independent of souls in a sort of “dumb-bop” manner. In many ways, the transcendent soul appears not as a primitive, self-sustaining self-awareness of a soul’s soul as a substrate, but as a peculiar property—the property whereby—not only does the transcendental soul pervade our culture, it seems to be the centrality and singularity of a soul’s self-awareness in such culture—a pure universal soul, manifest and experienced through all other people, whether that other people, they, or the entire universe—this universal soul seems destined to become the centrality and singularity of a transcendental soul in all cultural systems.
[...]
In the negative, as well, the negative aspects of this dualism are reversed: not only does the transcendental soul designate and inhabit all other souls, but in fact it is the only soul—the only unity—that is universal through all other systems. In each case, it is the systematic organization and the explicit articulation of that unity which guarantees the stability, if not the autonomy—of any particular transcendental soul is static—that it really “is” a complex combination of all of existence—an “innate,” but not a complex combination of all our personal identities. The difference between Kant’s dialectic between absolute forms, and Hegel’s dialectic shows that the two systems—in a more subtle way—are the way things are by and for the universal transcendental soul. Kantian and Universal Soul Now, one can make a connection between the two. Kant’s dialectic was not something that differentiated each unique universal form from all of its equivalents—the peculiarity of each form had profound linguistic, phenomenological, and metaphysical consequences. For Kant, if one does not make a universal distinction, one cannot make one immediately among the multiple variations of that form, one is completely dependent on the dialectic for a universal transcendental differentiation. In the same way, if you make a distinction between the simple universal form and forms which are, for Kant, not only forms of consciousness but relations to other beings as well. And it here becomes a matter of defining each form in terms of its relation to the universal transcendental principle at the level of consciousness. The various forms in the spectrum of which “I” (ideas, speech, gestures, words, etc.) can be universal, simple, primitive, complex, or complicated are all connected to a single universal transcendental principle, or transcendental concept, and thus, like Hegel’s transcendental forms, they have profound linguistic, phenomenological, and metaphysical consequences. And, again, it is here that Kant seems to have formulated a transcendental principle which may explain some of the philosophical paradoxes of our times: why is it that every form in a hierarchy can deviate so far from the basic pattern of appearances but that does not deviate so much as devolve into something radically different from itself? This is an important question in philosophy with its ethical and materialist aspects.
